{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang4105{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset178 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red221\green221\blue221;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\ltrpar\qc\cf1\fs24 STORYLINE (ish)\par
\pard\ltrpar\par
- You are a lazy computer gamer who games all day, eats chips, and, well thats about it. A zombie apocolypse bursts into action\par
  from a local scientist who mixed things up in the human genome that created this pandemic. Nows your chance to put these gaming\par
 skills into real life as you've seen how these things turn out.\par
\par
\pard\ltrpar\qc CUTSCENES and STORY:\par
\pard\ltrpar\par
Player:\par
\tab - Name is Dave\par
\tab - Main character\par
Randy:\par
\tab - Daves father\par
\tab - \par
Rick:\par
\tab - A family friend\par
\tab - Randy knew him when they were younger\par
\tab - Farming is what they used to do, until many seasons of drought kept happening. \par
\tab   So Randy moved to the city where he could make more money. As farming wasn't\par
\tab   doing it for him. Not enough money\par
\tab - Rick is poor but he managed, the drought continued and has ever since Randy left to\par
\tab   live in the city\par
\tab - Rick is \par
Judy:\par
\tab - Ricks wife\par
\par
\par
____________________________________\par
LEGEND:\par
gray means transition or camera change\par
yellow means objective\par
red means dialogue\par
green means tutorial\par
white means storyline or elements or random stuff.\par
____________________________________\par
 \par
*****************************************VER 2***********************************************\par
the_beginning (6AM):\par
setting: \par
\tab in a random apartment you have been with your dad since the apocolapse 2 years ago, it has boarded up windows.\par
\tab Outside is a hot summer day. It is a city in a desert/dry area. \par
\tab - you and your dad are travellors / nomads.\par
\tab - You guys just got here just in time at sundown yesterday and are now going to wake up.\par
\tab - the apartment is pretty crappy with ripped walls n what not.\par
\par
- you just wake up (dad wakes you up)\par
- you are lying in a old mattress\par
- your dad want to make a supply run in the city, he knows there is a building that is untouched with possibly lots in it.\par
- you guys make a supply run to the building\par
- When you get to the building, it is very dark inside. You guys begin the regular looting precedures\par
- One room is very dark, once you shine your flashlight, lots of zombies are there (WAY too many)\par
- You both run\par
- zombies come from in front, you guys shoot through them\par
- dad gets trips and gets torn to shreds from the behind zombies\par
- you want to help him, but then keep running to the exit\par
- You make it back out of the building and stand there for a bit, realizing what just hapenned\par
- You then walk back to the apartment\par
- intro title shows on screen.\par
- Cutscene begins showing you packing up your things, making your way to the truck. and driving off onto the long desert road.\par
FADE OUT\par
\par
gas_fillup (1PM)\par
FADE IN\par
setting:\par
\tab - a forest gas station in the middle of nowhere\par
\tab - You go there to fill up gas and get any snacks inside\par
- You pull up to a gas station\par
- You go to fill up gas, it stops after a few seconds, all used up\par
- You decide to go inside for snacks\par
- You can eat snacks in game to heal up a bit\par
- You then leave and go back on the road.\par
FADE OUT\par
\par
an_empty_tank\par
FADE IN\par
setting:\par
\tab - the empty fuel tank symbol shows on screen\par
\tab - car begins slowing down and eventually stops.\par
- Its seems as though theres nothing around you (other than forest)\par
- You see a rabbit and decide to go after it\par
- You follow it as it goes into the forest and just as your about to shoot it you notice a bunch of huts and log houses, a village\par
- You decide to check it out and loot\par
- there is people there, they notice you and capture you (they have crossbows and pistols)\par
- They knock you out\par
- You wake up in a dark room\par
- they ask how you found this place\par
- they don't believe how you just found this place\par
- they start argueing with you\par
- eventually you are held at gunpoint inside\par
- just before the person is about to shoot, a gunshot is heard outside the hut\par
- You are told to stay put\par
- \par
\par
*****************************************VER 1***********************************************\par
the_beginning (11PM):\par
- Fade in from black\par
- You are gaming on computer with headphones on and hear the game sound (from that game)\par
- 30 secs later zombies are running across window back and forth.\par
- You don't notice but continue to game.\par
- You hear faint noises of breaking, a scream, then the power shuts off and your game.\par
- tutorial shows how to get out of seat\par
- you grab flashlight from drawer (teaching looting).\par
- objective is to go to the power room\par
- you see '1 person' over a body, they are eating the body\par
- you cry "dad?!!" as you realize its your father.\par
- the 'person' notices and chase's you\par
- tutorial shows you how to fist fight them, you are weak so it takes a bit and the 'person' is slow\par
- you go to your father in the dark and say your last words. He says some inspirational quote and that you've made him and your mother proud (as your mother is no longer alive) and a warning about some sort of disease going around. He then dies.\par
\par
- You hear noise (more 'people' are coming)\par
- tutorial shows how to grab crowbar from ground\par
- Grab the crowbar beside your dad (he was going to get it to fight off the zombie). \par
- More 'people' come in and you fight them off.\par
- After you fight them off, you hear another zombie noise from where your father was, your father stands up, you've seen this before ... zombies.\par
- You think to yourself and give yourself an objective\par
*** objective is to either kill your father or lock him in the room by closing the door and you leave him there (to be saved later? ***\par
*** objective is to quickly go to your fathers room and get his shotgun ***\par
You hear more noises and more and more zombies pour in, you must escape through the window in your father's bedroom.\par
Fade to Black.\par
\par
the_town (11:15PM):\par
* Fade in from black *\par
- Camera zooms out from you and zombies are chasing people all over and there are corpses and cars in the street.\par
- After a pause the zombies notice you, start clearing out zombies.\par
- Once you run out of ammo or 1 minute passes you realize there are too many\par
- You think to yourself about your father's friend Rick who lives on a farm away from the town. You decide to try and get there.\par
*** objective is to go to your car (you have your own car parked on the street ***\par
*** Drive the car through the streets and to the exit of the town ***\par
* Fade to black *\par
\par
checkpoint1 (3AM):\par
* Fade in from black *\par
- Camera is zoomed in on your car and you driving on the road.\par
- Helicopter flys over and passes you\par
- Military checkpoint slows down traffic, bottlenecks traffic, people mad\par
- You are mad\par
- Car alarms going off behind you (zombies are breaking into the cars)\par
- After a bit, more and more people run past you towards the checkpoint, even more panicked\par
- Cars bump into each other, honking?\par
- Your trying to figure out whats going when lots of zombies begin pouring in from behind.\par
- quicktime event to start car, turn wheel, floor it off road to the right in the forest.\par
- Military guys start shooting at zombies (their distracted)\par
- Going off road and going through a forest at night (driving is scripted on a path)\par
- eventually all the noise dies out and you stop and think\par
- You are talking to yourself and search to see what you have in your car, you find fast food bags, empty pc part boxes (show picture on screen of those), you find a GPS in your glovebox (show picture on screen of those) that you got from your dad for your last birthday you miss him\par
- You boot it up the GPS and set a waypoint where Rick's farm is.\par
- You know off-roading isn't going to work well as there are no trails in this area, so you decide to drive a little more and then get back on the road.\par
* Zoom in while Fading out to black *\par
\par
after_checkpoint1 (4AM):\par
* Fade in to black and zoom out*\par
- you are driving and heading back onto the road, you realize the gas meter is low (you point out the irony in this always hapenning in zombie apocolapses), so you stop. \par
- You check the GPS and check for gas stations nearby, the closest one is 50km away and you only have 5km left within the tank(don't show, just say with dialogue) too low to make it to any gas stations.\par
- You see cars piled up in front of you and realize you have a jerry can in the back, maybe someone will lend a little gas to get to ricks farm at least?\par
*** objective, find a person with a car with gas ***\par
- Player has control as cutscene ends.\par
- Player can get out of car and starts walking to road.\par
- All the player can hear is the wind.\par
- You see a dead body with a gun on the ground (assume player will pick it up eventually)\par
- Then all of a sudden zombie noises are heard and waves start coming. Player must clear out the small wave\par
** Tutorial shows that player can loot UNLOCKED cars by pressing the loot button, most are locked. ***\par
- Eventually You find an unlocked car (there will be a few), quicktime event of siphoning gas from car into jerry can\par
- Once you get it you hear more noises of zombies in the distance, you think to yourself you better run and get out of there.\par
- You fill up your car and go in time to not any more live zombies.\par
* Fade to black *\par
\par
\par
the_end:\par
- \par
*****************************************************************************************************************************************\par
\pard\ltrpar\qc TEXTURES NEEDED:\par
\pard\ltrpar\par
- Wood floor\par
- Kitchen Floor\par
- Computer\par
- Desk\par
- Cabinet\par
\par
- you advance through levels each having there own waves until the area is clear, then you move on to the next level / area. \par
\par
style: arcade top down shooter\par
going for: awesome music, funny dialogue (making fun of game itself), and a fast-paced action game.\par
\par
\pard\ltrpar\qc TO DO:\par
\pard\ltrpar\par
\pard\ltrpar\fi-200\li200 - Finish Backup pathfinding in zombie step event\par
- Fix bullet hitting walls weird\par
- Add sounds\par
- Add soundscapes\par
- Add more basic weapons\par
- add music\par
- Add basic main menu\par
- Add more building artwork\par
- Add more buildings and props in level\par
- Add more tile artwork\par
- Add credits\par
- Add the option to select to only take ammo from a loot area\par
- Give player invunerability for a few seconds after exiting a loot area\par
- Allow loot areas to be re-accesed without a key\par
- Prevent back_tiles from fading event when in loot area\par
- Prevent player from just camping in loot areas and not leaving (add a timer before zombies break in?)\par
- Make blood particles not each be invdividual objects for EACH particle\par
- Fix weird image_speed and image_index things with obj_zombie\par
- Fix player from punching constantly sometimes\par
- Fix hitbox of weapons on ground changing based on image_xscale and image_yscale\par
- Make the zombies update there navigation not every 1 second, but rather each at different times (maybe random)\par
\par
- Add start wave option to instantly start wave\par
- Add bind options to bind commands to keys\par
\par
- Work on Main Menu\par
- Main Menu Map selection look:\par
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\tab\tab\tab Lock / Unlocked symbol\par
Picture Of map Picture Of map Picture Of map Picture Of map \par
Picture Of map Picture Of map Picture Of map Picture Of map \par
Picture Of map Picture Of map Picture Of map Picture Of map \par
Picture Of map Picture Of map Picture Of map Picture Of map \par
\tab\tab\tab MapName\par
Description Description Description Description Description \par
Description Description Description Description Description \par
Description Description Description Description Description \par
\par
Scores\tab\tab\tab Difficulty\tab\tab\tab Survive\par
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\par
\par
ITEM IDEAS:\par
- Car keys\par
- Janky Car\par
- Crossbow / bow (able to pick up arrows after)\par
- mounted turret\par
- minigun? (Bad accuracy)\par
- Pump + Auto Shotguns\par
- Add adreniline shot (makes player run fast and punch hard for a short period of time)\par
\par
Goofy mode: Can be enabled from easter egg. Sound FX are homemade. \par
\par
LEVEL IDEAS:\par
- small town\par
- university\par
- city\par
- hospital\par
- military base\par
- football stadium\par
- farm\par
\par
\pard\ltrpar\fi-200\li200\qc DONE:\par
\pard\ltrpar\fi-200\li200 - Began working on art for indoors\par
- Began work on cutscene objects\par
- Fixed player being able to get stuck in corner collisions\par
- Allowed scrolling in console\par
- Added weapon bobbing (when weapon is on the ground)\par
\par
12/26/2016\par
- Added the_beginning_scene scene\par
- Added the_town scene\par
12/27/2016\par
- Fixed camera shake from showing outside of lighting surface on edges\par
- Fixed view from showing weird pixel lines at random times due to interpolation of widths of non rounded numbers\par
- Added after_checkpoint1 scene\par
12/28/2016\par
- Began implementing save system\par
- Creating a new save and starting the game have been added in the Main Menu\par
- Continuing a save and starting the game have been added in the Main Menu\par
 - Added save zones that intiate a save when the player walk over them (they are invisible in game)\par
12/30/2016\par
- Fixed line glitches when view_wview orview_hview orview_xview or view_yview are not rounded causing weird interpolation with the pixels (line glitches)\par
- Fixed particles from not showing when map changes\par
- Added a script runner, this allows for any amount of scripts to run simulataneosly one after another, allowing me to add a script to the script runner to keep running automatically. Very useful\par
  for cutscene making\par
1/2/2017\par
Added civilians\par
Civilians now have randomized looks, including color for body, hair, and skin\par
1/3/2017\par
Civilians now wander around\par
Fixed navigation from always leading them to the corner of the map\par
1/4/2017\par
Game saving now saves just about everything.\par
save and load console commands added\par
Civilians now stare at nearby civilians or the player randomly, making AI a little less dumb and a little more creepy (not intentional)\par
Zombies now chase civilians or players depending on whats closer\par
Zombies now only chase a target once they can see a target. (Will likely not be taken away during waves so all zombies know where player is)\par
Fixed a bug that would crash the game when the target of a zombie dies\par
Fixed a bug that would crash the game when the lookAtEntity of a civilian dies\par
Added back buttons in Menu\par
\par
* Added many things that I forgot to add on this list *\par
\par
TIME:\par
Project started on: \u8206?July \u8206?3, \u8206?2016, \f1\rtlch\'fe\f0\ltrch\u8206?2:21:00 PM\par
Current Date: Aug 11. 2016. 10:55 PM\par
Estimated hours put in: ~63 hours\par
\par
Resources used:\par
http://www.1001fonts.com/pixelfj8pt1-font.html#license\par
- font\par
\par
MapMenuGui map image size\par
952x240\par
Drawn in mapGui which is drawn 4x bigger at:\par
238x60\par
\par
}
 